Fix documentation workflow block of PRs and add names to jobs (#72)
eclipse-ankaios/ankaios: doc/docs/development/self-service.md

# Eclipse self-service

The Eclipse Foundation offers self-service of GitHub resources.
We are using this self-service to customize Github settings, for example to change branch protection rules or other important settings of the Ankaios project.
The current GitHub configuration is hosted as code inside a separate repository called [.eclipsefdn](https://github.com/eclipse-ankaios/.eclipsefdn).

The settings are in jsonnet format and can be modified by contributors.

A detailed overview of the self-service please have a look into the [self-service handbook](https://www.eclipse.org/projects/handbook/#resources-github-self-service).

## Process of changing the settings

If a configuration needs to be changed the process is the following:

1. Fork the [.eclipsefdn](https://github.com/eclipse-ankaios/.eclipsefdn) repository.
2. Do the configuration changes (Use the [Eclipse playground](https://eclipse-ankaios.github.io/.eclipsefdn/playground/) for trying out the available settings).
3. Open a PR pointing from your fork's branch to the [.eclipsefdn](https://github.com/eclipse-ankaios/.eclipsefdn) repository.

> 4. Make sure that review is request from: Ankaios project committer, eclipsefdn-releng, eclipsefdn-security.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Make sure that a review is requested from: Ankaios project committer, eclipsefdn-releng, eclipsefdn-security.
```

The current GitHub configuration is hosted as code inside a separate repository called [.eclipsefdn](https://github.com/eclipse-ankaios/.eclipsefdn).

The settings are in jsonnet format and can be modified by contributors.

A detailed overview of the self-service please have a look into the [self-service handbook](https://www.eclipse.org/projects/handbook/#resources-github-self-service).

## Process of changing the settings

If a configuration needs to be changed the process is the following:

1. Fork the [.eclipsefdn](https://github.com/eclipse-ankaios/.eclipsefdn) repository.
2. Do the configuration changes (Use the [Eclipse playground](https://eclipse-ankaios.github.io/.eclipsefdn/playground/) for trying out the available settings).
3. Open a PR pointing from your fork's branch to the [.eclipsefdn](https://github.com/eclipse-ankaios/.eclipsefdn) repository.
4. Request review from: Ankaios project committer, eclipsefdn-releng, eclipsefdn-security.
5. After the changes were approved by the reviewers, merge the changes into the main branch.

> After the changes were merged an Eclipse member will apply the new settings by using the [otterdog cli](https://otterdog.readthedocs.io/en/latest/).

Reviewer: Does this mean that although we have a self service, after merging the PR a manual step is required by Eclipse staff?

Author: Yes, this is how it is currently. But they have written that they are working on automating such things into CI / CD, but this needs still a little bit of testing for now.

Reviewer: OK. But then we need rephrase it to:

```suggestion
After the changes were merged, a member of Eclipse staff will apply the new settings by using the [otterdog cli](https://otterdog.readthedocs.io/en/latest/).
```

because 'member of Eclipse' are all member companies.
